Update README.md (#1073)
filecoin-project/filecoin-docs: docs/get-started/README.md

There are 4 Filecoin protocol implementations (or "node software") currently in progress:

- [lotus](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/) (Go): This implementation is closest to feature-complete and is, therefore, the recommended Filecoin protocol implementation.

> - [venus](https://github.com/filecoin-project/venus) (Go): This implementation is supporting tens of nodes running on the Filecoin network, participants are encouraged to try this implementation and feedback to [Venus team](https://filecoinproject.slack.com/archives/CEHHJNJS3). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [venus](https://github.com/filecoin-project/venus) (Go): This implementation is currently running tens of nodes on the Filecoin network. Participants are encouraged to experiment with this implementation and provide feedback to the [Venus team](https://filecoinproject.slack.com/archives/CEHHJNJS3). 
```
